My hobby is Lord of the Rings
Strategy panel game, and it's a board game
where you have miniatures
of the characters of Lord the Rings
and you can recreate battles
from the movie and the book, of course,
but you also need to paint them
painting process
It starts with the base color, of course,
and then you can stylize
your own miniatures however you want.
Mostly I style my miniatures
as correctly as the book describes.
The time I work on the one
miniature really depends on
how good of a quality I want.
I can spend like a few hours
on a whole army
or I can spend like 18 hours
to 20 hours on one hero.
It's all about quality you want to acheive.